Do you like this?
Here we go.
What is wrong here?
Are you drunk?
You.
I don't believe what do you know that.
Am I?
Do you?
Because I'll tell you what.
You've drunk me.
What?
I think it.
Yes.
No.
Why would I do that?
You wanted Laurent to drug me.
So then you can use me as an average.
Okay.
What are you?
Do what?
You drugged me.
You jerk.
What's your excuse?
So why not go after Victor?
Why just me?
Oh.
I would prefer Victor a hundred times over you.
He's not the issue here.
So what?
I think I'm the caller.
Do you think I'm the back guy?
Of course you are.
Who else could appear?
I mean you are the one who dragged me into this mess.
All because you're better and you want to get back at your own brother.
That's just the type of guy you are Damien.
So what are you going to do?
You going to quit?
I don't know.
I have made it half way through and I'm going to see this until I earn back everything I lost.
So you better keep your end of the deal.
Got it?
See if you think something is more dangerous than me.
Okay.
I'll take these to the legal department.
They detail all the current games and great projects.
All current projects.
This is exactly what I wanted.
Yeah.
Is something wrong?
No, no.
Not at all.
I'll take care of it immediately.
I thought last night's job was a bust.
I need to send Damien the info before this goes to legal.
And get back my account and my two million.
Larry?
I mentioned that you left him last night.
What's up with that?
Um, I, um, was it feeling lost so I have to leave early?
Oh, why don't you sleep with the Garrison Villa?
It'd be easier if it weren't.
The Garrison Villa?
Isn't that where your entire family lives?
Yeah.
The whole Garrison crew.
Except for Damien.
Uh, you remember him, right?
Yeah, sure.
Damien's a Garrison, but he's not really, uh,
he's not really a part of the family.
You know, Damien and I were where we were half brothers.
He's a product of my father's affair.
And that affair took my mother to her death.
I didn't know that.
I'm sorry.
A father never acknowledged Damien.
That's why he's always been in jail.
I didn't realize.
I, uh, it's probably not.
Just to get there to leave.
Damien is the son of the Mistress.
I can't believe this.
Well, good luck.
We're done.
We locked her account and froze your payments.
Your contact is terminated.
You can't look.
Your sister, she's in a coma.
You work for Damien.
I was just, um, delivering some files to legal.
You need anything?
Cam, Cam.
I like to start.
Good job.
You are dumber than I thought.
Don't call me at work and just keep those messages
and just hit her.
Then we have to go somewhere.
Hey.
I've been looking for you.
I was just, um...
It doesn't matter.
I got your room ready at the Garrison Villa so you can move in whenever...
He's such a sweetheart.
I kind of regret what I did now.
The Anderson family is at the very top in the industry.
We can link up with them.
The future of our group will be secured for generations.
So what is your plan?
I've invited the Anderson family to my party next week.
Their only daughter, Olivia, is about your age.
Whoever marries her will be the CEO.
And this is Olivia Anderson.
Olivia, meet my son, Victor.
Let's meet you, Olivia.
That gets you drunk.
No.
I'm just going for snacks.
They only met a decision.
I'm sorry I didn't even tell.
Do you think storage has gots us?
You'll have my shoes.
If shoes matter that much, I'll handle it.
How are you?
Damien Garrison.
It's not the Garrison.
How come this one is much more handsome?
Well, my shoes.
They are limited edition of Jean-Marc.
He doesn't sell for shoes to anybody.
Hey, Jean.
Hey, I'm going to need a pair of your limited edition.
Feel free to send them to my address.
You're lucky.
Jean is a very good friend.
They have his days.
When are they?
They look great together.
Yeah.
Top looks from top families.
They're made for each other.
I guess Olivia really likes Damien.
Good for him, I guess.
Are we good yet?
We're not slick.
Damien, Victor was right about you.
Victor moved you into the Garrison villa.
Huh.
You're starting to take notice.
Just watch yourself.
Victor was just being nice.
Don't use your judgment.
You two are very different.
Oh, Kim.
Don't fall for his act.
You're the actor.
I heard your story.
What story?
Forget it.
Listen.
Don't pick caught up in Victor.
He's not who you think he is.
You're just jealous because I moved into a place where...
home.
You're not exactly welcomed.
Don't piss me off.
Kim, are you all right in there?
Are you all right in there?
Victor, hi.
Fine.
I just needed some rest.
I'm sorry to hear that.
And thanks for the info about Olivia.
Don't worry about her behavior earlier.
It looks like we have some time now.
What do you think you're doing?
Are you not afraid of getting caught?
That's the fun part.
He doesn't seem like he cares about you though.
I told you.
He's a gentleman.
Gentlemen.
All right.
To do some.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Keep him short, dude,
so we can lock things in with Olivia.
That's why you're here.
Of course.
Classic Damien Garrison always has him out of.
Are you jealous?
Me?
Actually, I love your plan.
I mean, I wouldn't want to be Victor's girl.
Listen.
Just keep him distracted.
But don't fall for him.
I'm glad you came with Olivia.
You look...
You look amazing tonight.
Thanks.
I look amazing every day.
How's the food?
Um, this food, bro?
Not even close to what I had on my childhood friends.
Yeah.
Sorry to interrupt.
Victor, I really need to talk to you.
It's important.
That's rude.
Didn't your parents teach you not to crush dates?
Sorry, Olivia.
It's about work.
Victor, I think you could just read this contract and sign it.
Let's do that.
Why would you do that?
So what?
You just a cheap dress.
Judging everything.
By its price.
Classic Olivia.
What?
Are you making fun of me?
So what if I was?
That's enough.
Didn't you do it?
There's something I want to show you.
Think about it for a while.
It's for Olivia.
I thought you hated her.
Love, hate, whatever.
Yeah, I could still hate someone I propose to.
As long as I become CEO.
Jealous.
Jealous, no.
No, no.
Find none.
I'll be proposing to our family in that.
You're invited to.
I didn't know that.
You'll receive the invitation later today?
A congrats.
I'm just really happy for you.
Yeah, something base going down.
Everyone's attention please.
I propose that ring is insane.
Will you marry me?
Yes.
Yes, that means I will.
And I have some more news.
Damien, as my beloved son.
You will be the new CEO of the Garrison Group starting tomorrow.
I'm surprised Damien ended up with Olivia.
I thought you had a better shot.
I'm sorry, Father.
Do you still think there's a chance I could be CEO?
I'll be retiring soon.
You play your cards right.
The resident role is still yours.
But the board will only trust.
A stable, married man.
I'll find a decent woman.
Looks like everything is going is planned,
so if you'll just give me the account and my money,
we could be done here.
I'll give everything to you as balanced as possible.
Come on out just as we do now.
Maybe it's just a shop.
You're wasting your time.
Your turn is ten times a minute.
Don't you think I'm Victor as a hypocrite?
Congratulations on the engagement and the CEO title.
I appreciate it, Victor.
You deserve it.
I hope we're both here for the same thing, right?
Garrison Family Pride.
Of course, family first, right?
Your dad's been bugging me about settling down.
Keep with that.
33.
You and me, both married, side by side.
I can not come in any new heights.
Yeah.
By the way, I'll leave you town next week,
so I need your help.
We get a lot of work to do.
I can do everything.
Excuse me, Miss Carter.
Mr. Garrison is at the lounge.
He is heavily drunk and unresponsive.
Okay.
I'll be right down.
Jim, I didn't make CEO.
All that work for nothing.
Well, it should have been me.
Just there.
Just for a little while.
No, Victor.
Um, they'll be fine.
Just get some rest, okay?
Nothing.
I put him to bed, okay?
He was drunk.
I told you to close a vicar to distracting.
But can I actually get involved with him?
I didn't get involved with him.
I did exactly what you asked.
I got close to Victor so you could chase Olivia.
Don't play games, Jim.
This was never about you and Victor.
I'm not playing games.
David.
But don't forget.
I'm not your puppet.
Ah, Victor.
I was surprised.
Karen, can you join him?
Sure.
David.
What?
Please join us.
So?
Well, Kim and I were about to just have something important.
He's Kim is my girlfriend now.
Interesting.
From a boss and assistant to boyfriend and girlfriend.
That's something.
Excuse me.
I need the rest of it.
Maybe I'll get some appetizers.
Or do some great.